SONARIAC-1701 Update RSPEC description for S6587 (#4562)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6587/docker/rule.adoc

Alternatively, store the cache in a dedicated cache mount. A cache mount can be created by adding a flag `--mount type=cache` to the `RUN` command. +
This will store the cache in a Docker volume, which will be persisted between builds making the build faster.

> Also, each `RUN` instruction creates a new layer, and any changes made in one layer are not visible in the next. Thus, the cache should be removed in the same layer as the installation in the same `RUN` instruction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, each `RUN` instruction creates a new layer, and any changes made in one layer are not visible in the next. Thus, the cache should be removed in the same layer (i.e., the same `RUN` instruction) as the installation.
```

I think it's easier to read that way, but I guess it's mainly personal preferences

> The following code incorrectly cleans the cache:
> [source,docker]
> ----
> RUN apt-get install -y git
> RUN apt-get clean && rm -rf /var/lib/apt/lists/*
> ----
> It should be written as:
> [source,docker]
> ----
> RUN apt-get install -y git \
>   && apt-get clean && rm -rf /var/lib/apt/lists/*
> ----

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following code incorrectly cleans the cache:
[source,docker]
----
RUN apt-get install nginx
RUN apt-get clean 
----
It should be written as:
[source,docker]
----
RUN apt-get install nginx && apt-get clean
----
```

I'd simplify the examples by removing the `rm` to keep the focus on the run instructions. Also, I'd change `git` for `nginx` for consistency with the previous examples and remove the `-y` flag again for consistency (or add it in the other examples, maybe?)
